Hey there!
David Lévesque,
snowmobile aficionado.
Come discover our mountains!
I remember,
from the time I was four
or five years old,
I didn't want to go to school,
I just wanted to go
for a snowmobile ride
with my dad.
A few years down the line, I bought
my first snowmobile. I was 17.
It makes you feel free.
It's like driving,
but on a snowy road.
You go up the mountain,
really close to the river.
Then, you go down
into the valley, and you go back up.
Now, you go deep into the woods,
and there's still
a few good climbs,
so you get some really
exceptional vistas,
because the mountains are almost
500 meters above sea level.
It's really quick,
the change in scenery.
The new tracks and new stretches
that have been developed,
give access to all sorts of places
people didn't use to go before.
So for example, we've got
Mont Bernêche,
which is to the West
of Mont-Saint-Pierre,
and also East
with the viewpoint
that was built,
now that it's being maintained
with a resurfacer,
it's become really easy
to go up and see those vistas.
The view is really amazing!
Even though I live in Mont-Louis,
I'll still stop for an hour because
I'm really happy to see it,
and it's different every time.